What happened to you?
How sacred and glorious it is to save lives
This is not what you should do
Captain, you are the dragon and phoenix among people
Are you crazy?
Obviously getting better
You still don't want to go back with me
I'm not the dragon or phoenix you mentioned.
I have seen myself clearly over the years
What is it?
What's more, I'm already married.
You lie, you are really willing
Rotten in this gutter
How could it be?
He has always maintained the peak of his body and figure
Besides, you've never been close to women
I don't believe you get married
I never lie.
Hong Zhaonan, stop lying
Not someone who dares to be simple
As expected of being the captain
Capable
So why is it?
Who are you?
What about the swimsuit man?
Swimsuit man swimsuit man, are you alright?
My wife is back
Really married
What about Princess Qin?
How did the previous life
Rong Zhaonan was killed by Hong Xiuzhang because of me
Blind
You can't escape the promotion, right?
City leadership inspection
Free for idlers
What leader?
Are you liars?
Let me in!
Rong Zhaonan, Rong Zhaonan, are you alright? You are born
Since it is the one who divorced me
What to do what to do
Rong Zhangnan, speak up
If you don't talk, I'll break in
You go back first
I'll contact you. OK.
I this time
I'm staring at the capital of South West Province
The inspection team officer who came down
Identity
I can stay a long time.
Don't even think about telling a lie
They took me away.
There is an important task for you at the back mountain at 12:30
Is the captain
Oriental male